---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the General Meeting on May 05, 2009
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.</BR>
       <BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


<Div style="position:relative;left:100px;">
	<table>
  	<tr>
   		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Name</th>
	   	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Call Sign</th>
	   	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Position</th>
	 	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>MH Grid</th>
		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>RAC</th>
		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>WCARC</th>
  	</tr>

		<TR>
<TD>Barney Baker</TD>
<TD>VA3BGB</TD>
<TD>Secretary</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bernie Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3BMZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vz</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Dean Denter</TD>
<TD>VA3CDD</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15wl</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Tyler Tidman</TD>
<TD>VA3DGN</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>J. P. Gendron</TD>
<TD>VA3JPG</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Peter Jago</TD>
<TD>VA3PJ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Stan Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3SMM</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vz</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Harold Hamilton</TD>
<TD>VA3UNK</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25dj</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
<TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bk</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bob Clermont</TD>
<TD>VE3AKV</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN15vb</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Graham Ide</TD>
<TD>VE3BYT</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ch</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Andy Hart</TD>
<TD>VE3NVK</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bh</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Doug Leach</TD>
<TD>VE3XK</TD>
<TD>VicePresident</TD>
<TD>FN15wg</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Glen MacDonell</TD>
<TD>VE3XRA</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15dj</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Al Penney</TD>
<TD>VO1NO</TD>
<TD>President</TD>
<TD>FN24cw</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>


	</table>
</div>
<br><br>


<Strong>Opening:</strong><br><br>
   The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 20:00 hours.
<br><br>
Al - VO1NO opened the meeting with a greeting and asked guests to introduce themselves followed by the members who introduced themselves.<BR><BR>

<!--Secretary-->
   <Strong>Secretary's Report:</Strong>
   <br><br>


Secretary Barney Baker(VA3BGB) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting. Moved by Barney Baker(VA3BGB) that the previous minutes as published on the web pages be approved. Seconded by Bert Zauhar(VE2ZAZ).
<BR><BR>
Motion approved.
<br><br>

<!--SecretaryEnd-->

<!--Treasurer-->
   <Strong>Treasurer's Report:</Strong>
<br><br>
Treasurer Ken Asmus(VA3KA) apprised the meeting of the number of paid members as well as any changes to the Club's cash position.
<br><br>
	Ken - VA3KA provided a written report due to his absence which stated that the WCARC had a bank balance of $535.80 with 28 paid up members and 5 past members. He raised the issue of membership in AMSAT-NA and TAPR to determine if club membership should be continued. He informed that the yearly cost of domain name hosting would be $105.00.<BR><BR>

<!--TreasurerEnd-->

<!--VicePresident-->
   <Strong>VicePresident's Report</Strong>
   <br><br>
	No report<BR><BR>

<!--VicePresidentEnd-->


<Strong>Old Business:</Strong>
<br><br>
        Al - VO1NO/VE3 informed the members that the first Tuesday of June and July had been taken by other groups. He would discuss with Brian Jeffrey  VE3UU, the use of the Diefenbunker on those two occassions to conduct the club meeting.<BR><BR>


<Strong>New Business:</Strong>
<br><br>
        No new business<BR><BR>


<Strong>Reports:</Strong>
<br><br>
        <U>Beacons</U><br><br>Doug - VE3XK provided a summary of the recent beacon repairs and informed the members that the 432 Mhz beacon is not operating and would be repaired when next the housing is on the bench.<br><br><U>Repeater</U><br><br>Dale - VE3XZT attended the St. Lawrence repeater council meeting.<br><br><U>CN Tour</U><br><br>Harold - VA3UNK informed members that 20 amateur radio operators participated in the communications side of this tour which raised over $500,000.<BR><BR>


<Strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</Strong>
<br><br>
	 Al - VO1NO/VE3 provided a repeat presentation of the 2008 FN04xa grid expedition which generated much discussion regarding this years effort. He will continue the required preparations and requests all members to consider participation.<BR><BR>


<Strong>Adjournment:</Strong>
<br><br>
The President Al Penney(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned. 
The meeting was closed at 21:50 hours.
